# Example portfolio structure

**FORK THIS PROJECT INTO YOUR OWN BITBUCKET WORKSPACE, DO NOT CLONE IT, DO NOT PUSH TO IT**

**SEEK FEEDBACK ON YOUR PORTFOLIO AT LEAST ONCE PER FORTNIGHT WHEN YOU START A NEW ACADEMIC YEAR**

> Make sure you remove all files that have not been generated by you before you submit your portfolio for assessment.

This is not a required structure but an example of what we might expect.  Everything not in this repository i.e. code should be in a separate repository. For example:

* Code competitions - separate repo
* Solo code projects - separate repos
* Team projects - separate repos
* Code camp katas - separate repo
* Call For Code - separate repo

Only evidence and reflections and other documentation throughout the year should be in your personal repository.

## Naming your personal repositories

Please try to avoid silly names.  Something basic like "personal_repository_2022" is perfectly adequate.

## Hints & Tips

* Each project you start should be a separate repository
* Prefer Markdown to Plain text as it makes your work more readable for the markers.
* Mark the learning outcomes a set of files refers in the commit messages so that the portal can pick them up.
* Try not to "reorganise" your repository, it creates a lot of noise in the git logs.
* If you want to make a big change to the structure, then start a new repository and leave the old one as is.  You don't need to copy anything over just submit both repositories at submission time.  It makes no difference to the marking how many repositories you submit.
* If you are not sure about something, ask.

## Bad repository structure

**Please use underscores (_) not spaces in your directory names.**

```
/
/learning_outcomes
/learning_outcomes/LO1.1.1.1
/learning_outcomes/LO1.1.1.2
/learning_outcomes/LO1.1.1.3
...
```

```
/
/modules
/modules/LO1.1.1.1
/modules/LO1.1.1.2
/modules/LO1.1.1.3
...
```

```
/
/modules
/modules/programming_principles
/modules/programming_principles
/modules/programming_principles
...
```

```
/programming_principles
/algos_and_datastructures
```

## Git Instructions

**Edit a file, create a new file, and clone from Bitbucket in under 2 minutes**

When you're done, you can delete the content in this README and update the file with details for others getting started with your repository.

*We recommend that you open this README in another tab as you perform the tasks below. You can [watch our video](https://youtu.be/0ocf7u76WSo) for a full demo of all the steps in this tutorial. Open the video in a new tab to avoid leaving Bitbucket.*

---

## Edit a file

You’ll start by editing this README file to learn how to edit a file in Bitbucket.

1. Click **Source** on the left side.
2. Click the README.md link from the list of files.
3. Click the **Edit** button.
4. Delete the following text: *Delete this line to make a change to the README from Bitbucket.* 
5. After making your change, click **Commit** and then **Commit** again in the dialog. The commit page will open and you’ll see the change you just made.
6. Go back to the **Source** page.

---

## Create a file

Next, you’ll add a new file to this repository.

1. Click the **New file** button at the top of the **Source** page.
2. Give the file a filename of **contributors.txt**.
3. Enter your name in the empty file space.
4. Click **Commit** and then **Commit** again in the dialog.
5. Go back to the **Source** page.

Before you move on, go ahead and explore the repository. You've already seen the **Source** page, but check out the **Commits**, **Branches**, and **Settings** pages.

---

## Clone a repository

Use these steps to clone from SourceTree, our client for using the repository command-line free. Cloning allows you to work on your files locally. If you don't yet have SourceTree, [download and install first](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/). If you prefer to clone from the command line, see [Clone a repository](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/4whODQ).

1. You’ll see the clone button under the **Source** heading. Click that button.
2. Now click **Check out in SourceTree**. You may need to create a SourceTree account or log in.
3. When you see the **Clone New** dialog in SourceTree, update the destination path and name if you’d like to and then click **Clone**.
4. Open the directory you just created to see your repository’s files.

Now that you're more familiar with your Bitbucket repository, go ahead and add a new file locally. You can [push your change back to Bitbucket with SourceTree](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/iqyBMg), or you can [add, commit,](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/8QhODQ) and [push from the command line](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/NQ0zDQ).
