Issues with time and quality have been overwhelming during this school year. Between the lack of guidance on what tools to use, how to use the tools that were provided and the lack of team compliance, finishing or maintainign projects was extremely difficult. While learning to learn should and is a very big part of this industry, no self respecting employer would throw their employees into a project without proper guidance and knowledge on how to properly use the industry standard tools. While it is a learning process to use new and develop certain tools for a project this should be taken into regard when assigning projects. Going into hte projects at the start of the year most of the first years had a limited experience with coding and had nearly no time to properly prepare for the project. Having to learn as you go should be a huge part of the experience of team projects but it was difficult as there were people from higher years, either deciding to ignore the project work entirely or do a very limited amoutn including not heklping those who were just starting out and this theme then progress and stayed on a steady course throughtout the whole of the academic year, Along with limited to no help from students from higher years, we were told to do the best with what we had when we asked for help and then were asked why the project wasn't up to the standard that it was wished to be at when we had half a team who had no coding experience. To remidy this we could have had a set personal project to begin with that would have allowed us to have time to learn the tools that were required of us. What also could have helped during the learning process is having full access to be able to make Jira boards and be allowed to experiment with all aspects of the tool as this slowed our progress considerably. 