Each team typically has a set Scrum Master, Product Owner and Development Team. The roles of Scrum Master and Product Owner can rotate between members. The Product Owner's job is to make sure that the client is happy with what they are receiving and that the product is on course for the clients timeline. They are most commonly the person that the client interates with. This means the Product Owner explains the intentions of the team to the client in a way that makes it easy for them to understand without having to know all of the computer theory. Product Owners manage the backlog of a product to make sure that the project runs smoothly, allowing the team to focus properly and the client to get their product within the timeframe they desire.
The Scrum Master enforces the way that everyone participates within the Scrum team. This means they follow a certain framework and help to manage and guide each member of the team through the project. This could mean taking a more hands on approach to the project or just having the responsiblity to schedule team meetings and the Scrum Master tends to be similar to any other team member. In an ideal agile enviroment there would be no need for a Scrum Master, but it has been found that most teams need an authority figure to go to if something isn't going to plan.
Typical Agile teams tend to have daily scrum meetings, which more often than not will be organised by the scrum master, planning meetings, retrospectives, which allow for improvement to be made and action items for future sprints to be discussed and sprint reviews, which may or may not be attended by the Product Owner and the client to display how far into work the team is and discuss any further matters or delays.
